DocuBlocks for shard distribution endpoints (#14066)
arangodb/arangodb: Documentation/DocuBlocks/Rest/Cluster/get_cluster_shard_distribution.md

@startDocuBlock get_cluster_shard_distribution

> @brief allows to query the global shard distribution statistics in the cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@brief provides the global shard distribution statistics in the cluster
```
